feat(gsheets2): added hidden properties (#208)
ToucanToco/toucan-connectors: doc/connectors/google_sheets_2.md

* `type`: `"GoogleSheets2"`
* `name`: str, required
* `_auth_flow`: str
* `auth_flow_id`: str
* `_baseroute`: str
* `hidden_properties`: GoogleSheets2HiddenProperties

> The `_auth_flow` property marks this as being a connector that uses the connector_oauth_manager for the oauth dance. It is hidden from being rendered in the front but appears in the front as a flag for initiating the oauth dance. It is a static *flag*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `_auth_flow` property marks this as being a connector that uses the connector_oauth_manager for the oauth dance. It is hidden from being rendered in the front but appears in the front as a flag for initiating the oauth dance. It is a static *property*.
```
I prefer we use the term _property_, which has a clear meaning in Python.
Flag is less clear : it suggest a boolean, a feature-flag, and many other things.

> The `_baseroute` is fixed and is 'https://sheets.googleapis.com/v4/spreadsheets/'. It too is hidden from being rendered in the front. It is a static *non-flag*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `_baseroute` is fixed and is 'https://sheets.googleapis.com/v4/spreadsheets/'. It too is hidden from being rendered in the front. It is a static property.
```
Or class property (something that doesn't change with the instance)

> The `hidden_properties` propertie contains the `access_token` and a `refresh_token` (if there is one) in a class called `GoogleSheets2HiddenProperties`. Though `hidden_properties` is optional during the initial creation of the connector, it is necessary for when the user wants to make requests to the connector. If there is no `access_token`, an Exception is thrown. This is a dynamic *non-flag* property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `hidden_properties` property contains the `access_token` and a `refresh_token` (if there is one) in a class called `GoogleSheets2HiddenProperties`. Though `hidden_properties` is optional during the initial creation of the connector, it is necessary for when the user wants to make requests using the connector. If there is no `access_token`, an Exception is thrown. This is a dynamic property (not a static one).
```
